The First Post!
2019/08/06
----------
So I built this little ?framework? over the space of 2 days. It's been a while since I've wrote any JavaScript, so that was kinda fun... But overall I feel it went well and I'm happy with the current functionality. This little Website/Blog support dynamic loading of Markdown files; that are parsed on load into HTML. 

There is no need to convert blog notes from Markdown into HTML and load them statically. You can just push your blog post to Github and the rest is taken care of. The JavaScript behind this is fairly simple and could be optimized, but it serves its functionally for now. 

There is a few updates I'd like to make over time and I'll hopefully update the blog with a post of the changes.

There isn't much to talk about on the CSS/styling side of development. I did initially write my own CSS Framework, but decided against it after seeing how much more I would need to add to get a lot of the core functionality out of it at it's current stage. I will develop it further, but for now this is a modified version of 'Bare CSS' and the 'Nord Colour Scheme'; hence 'nordbare.css' with a few other tweaks and changes added in. 

The way I have decided to host this Website/Blog is completely Flat-file and self-hosted by Github Pages. I also chose to split the Website and the Blog to separate Repo's to allow for ease of updates and posting to the Blog as the Main Website will remain mostly unchanged apart from small amendments.

The Blog side of the Website will be be pushed to more regularly. So it only makes sense that the Blog would be self contained from the main Website. This will allow each to function independent of the other in case of updates.

Right now the Blog is very limited in what functions it has. It will only display post for the current Month and Year and these will change as the Months and Years do. There is functions already built and working to list all post from a selected year; this will be expanded on. But each post is a Markdown file that is dynamically loaded and displayed without the need to update anything. Just simply push the post to repo.